My Personal Site Elevator Pitch:

Would you like to bring more music to your life and community?

Let me introduce you to Henry and Maria Flurry. They're professional musicans who are touring the western states this summer. their goal is to raise funds for the needy by providing a fund-raising opportunity (a concert) for religious congregations. 

They have successfully toured and performed before, and you can find out more about their past accompishments, as well as more information about THIS summer's tour on their website: URL.

The Flurrys provide an affordable fund-raising opportunity for congregations as well as a fun opportunity for people of all ages to serve others by coming to their performances. 


My General Website Pitch:

Users easily find the information they seek on my friendly, professional websites. The design is easy to navigate and instantly engages any viewer with bold fonts and color contrasts. With appropriate space around my images, texts, and bold graphics, my websites are readable and clear.

Right now, I'm developing a website for a music company that will tour the western US. It is an educational website with booking options, so that interested parties can learn more about it, and contact/book easily if desired.

Feedback:
Mickey:
I like it because your purpose is clear.
Emery: 
Make the first question hook more applicable to your audience (some suggestions on how to do so).
Ari:
Make your hook even more broad; I don't actually just look up music groups to learn more about them.
I like the word ENGAGING; it makes me want to go to the website to see!
Maybe add some additional information (links to music lessons and music instruction) to the website to invite a larger audience: people who want to learn music.


My Goals:
Engage viewers right from the get-go.
make a fun but classy website
educate on a musical tour
map
dates
prices
refferals

Make it easy to become educated
Make it easy to learn more about the purpose

button in the shape of a pin
hover over buttons.city
.city:hover {
	display:none
}